# EventService

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**OdataContext** | **string** | The OData description of a payload. | [optional] 
**OdataEtag** | **string** | The current ETag of the resource. | [optional] 
**OdataId** | **string** | The unique identifier for a resource. | 
**OdataType** | **string** | The type of a resource. | 
**Actions** | [**Actions2**](Actions_2.md) |  | [optional] 
**DeliveryRetryAttempts** | **int32** | This is the number of attempts an event posting is retried before the subscription is terminated.  This retry is at the service level, meaning the HTTP POST to the Event Destination was returned by the HTTP operation as unsuccessful (4xx or 5xx return code) or an HTTP timeout occurred this many times before the Event Destination subscription is terminated. | [optional] 
**DeliveryRetryIntervalSeconds** | **int32** | This represents the number of seconds between retry attempts for sending any given Event. | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | Provides a description of this resource and is used for commonality  in the schema definitions. | [optional] 
**EventFormatTypes** | [**[]EventFormatType**](EventFormatType.md) | Indicates the content types of the message that this service can send to the event destination. | [optional] 
**EventTypesForSubscription** | [**[]EventType**](EventType.md) | This is the types of Events that can be subscribed to. | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | Uniquely identifies the resource within the collection of like resources. | 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the resource or array element. | 
**Oem** | [**Oem**](Oem.md) |  | [optional] 
**RegistryPrefixes** | **[]string** | A list of the Prefixes of the Message Registries that can be used for the RegistryPrefix property on a subscription. | [optional] 
**ResourceTypes** | **[]string** | A list of @odata.type values (Schema names) that can be specified in a ResourceType on a subscription. | [optional] 
**SSEFilterPropertiesSupported** | [**SseFilterPropertiesSupported**](SSEFilterPropertiesSupported.md) |  | [optional] 
**ServerSentEventUri** | **string** | Link to a URI for receiving Sever Sent Event representations of the events generated by this service. | [optional] 
**ServiceEnabled** | **bool** | This indicates whether this service is enabled. | [optional] 
**Status** | [**Status**](Status.md) |  | [optional] 
**SubordinateResourcesSupported** | **bool** | This indicates if the service supports the SubordinateResource property on Event Subscriptions. | [optional] 
**Subscriptions** | [**IdRef**](idRef.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


